welcome to weed orchards a
fourth-generation fruit farm situated at
the base of the Marlborough mountains
with over 20 varieties of the Hudson
Valley's finest produce we grow apples
pumpkins and pears peaches and grapes
as well as vegetables on our 150 acre
farm we welcome you to visit us for a
relaxing soothing and enjoyable farm
experience this is our first trip up
take a look at this victory
Jefferson nectarine like that perfect
and they're ripe egg just ready to be
eaten today on the peaches as well
picnic tables surround the lake so that
you may sit relax and enjoy the fruits
of your labor the kids will also enjoy
the petting zoo face painting and sand
art be sure to visit our renovated apple
bakery located in the wheat orchard farm
market the sweet aroma of fresh-baked
cookies pies and muffins and turnovers
fill the air while no one leaves without
a package of wheat orchards famous hot
apple cider donuts which are baked fresh
daily
my wife and I have been company over the
last four years in the fall late summers
are holy for through all the activities
they have a fierce break between the
apple Festivus whatever season they got
going on in the pumpkins uh pumpkin
season is great we make it then a couple
hours out of the day it's a great day to
be in the country spend a day in the
country enjoy taste testing of over 20
different farm-fresh products also new
to wheat orchards this season is the
exciting Pirates of the Hudson corn maze
an acre of challenging fun and
excitement with a lookout station and a
pirate ship entrance bring young kids up
you have great air great sunshine I
definitely recommend
so come on down to weed orchards today
you